Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you an Action, Adventure,
Drama, Sci-fi, Thriller film from 2007, titled
I am Legend.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Dr. Krippen is interviewed on TV about her
great discovery: she has genetically changed
the measles virus to attack cancerous cells.
She explains that all the cancer patients
on whom the cure has been tested have recovered
so far.
The scene jumps to three years later.
New York City has become an empty and desolate
place, devoid of human life.
Grass covers roads and buildings, abandoned
cars line the highways, and the city is silent.
It seems that the apocalypse has arrived.
Robert Neville is driving through the deserted
town accompanied by Sam, his dog.
A herd of deer leaps across his path, almost
causing him to crash.
He gives chase at high speed.
He tries to shoot them, and we realize it's
a hunt.
The deer scatter and run down a road blocked
with abandoned cars.
Robert gives chase on foot, trying to hunt
one deer down.
As he rounds a corner, he gets the deer in
his sights only to be beaten to the kill by
a lion that presumably escaped from the NYC
zoo.
Robert is torn as to whether to shoot the
lion and its family, who also enter the scene,
or leave the deer to them.
At this point, Robert's watch alarm starts
beeping, signaling that the sun is setting
and he has to go.
We see Roberts home.
It is the typical American detached house,
but it looks like it is in the middle of a
war zone.
He bleaches the steps to hide their smell.
Robert and Sam are having a seemingly ordinary
evening, eating processed food and watching
recorded tv programs.
After a bath, Robert shuts, locks, and protects
every door and window with massive steel shutters.
He sleeps with Sam in a bathtub, rifle in
hand, with screams and screeches surrounding
the house.
He dreams of how Zoe, his wife, their child,
Marley, and Sam, as a puppy, try to leave
New York.
We see Robert dressed in a military uniform:
he decides to stay in New York on his own
to try to stop the virus as he is an army
doctor.
They tell Marley they are going on holiday.
She sees her parents are in distress and tries
to calm them down by showing a butterfly with
her hands.
The dream scene is interrupted by Robert waking
to face his lonely reality once again.
Robert exercises and goes down to the basement
at his fortress-like home, where he keeps
a small but hi-tech laboratory.
We see that he has been experimenting with
a vaccine for the virus that has wiped out
most of the human race.
He's tried the vaccine, evidently only one
of the hundreds, on some mice to find a viable
cure.
All the mice act incredibly aggressive, except
for one.
Robert makes a note of this mouse and deems
that specific compound ready for human trials.
Later, Robert gears up and goes to a video-rental
store where he talks to some mannequins he
has set up, his only form of human contact.
It seems he has created a game for himself
to prevent madness from consuming him.
There Robert takes notice of a woman mannequin
he would like to get to know better.
While in the field, picking up corn, he promises
Sam he will talk with her tomorrow.
Robert later visits some condo flats nearby,
searching for supplies.
He comes upon a room with a bed surrounded
by plastic wrap and another room with two
cribs.
We see the pain in his eyes as he empathizes
with the loss of loved ones.
Robert has created a radio message and plays
it over all AM radio frequencies.
It says that he's alive and that he'll be
waiting for any survivors at the docks of
the bay at midday every day.
While playing golf on a military airplane,
Sam spots a deer, so both of them go after
it.
The deer runs into an old building at ground
level, and Sam follows even though Robert
tries to hold him back.
Robert enters the building as Sam would not
return of his own accord.
Carefully, Robert searches the darkened rooms.
He treads quietly, understanding that creatures
called Darkseekers might be in this building.
Darkseekers react to light and sound, hoping
that he doesn’t awaken them by blocking
his flashlight with his hand.
Robert wants to leave the building but finds
it difficult to do without Sam, his only living
friend.
He sees the corpse of the deer.
Relieved it is not Sam.
He continues onward.
He stumbles upon a room full of sleeping Darkseekers
and tries to get back carefully.
Robert spots Sam under a desk.
Sam steps back as if signaling that someone
is there.
An Infected male then leaps out of the darkness
to attack Robert and is shot dead.
Both Sam and Robert start running away through
the building.
Some more of the infected appear and chase
them.
Some of them jump on him, but after he jumps
through the window, the Darkseekers on him
die in the sunlight.
Soon afterward, Robert sets a trap to catch
one of the infected by breaking a blood vial
on the tarp.
He succeeds, the leader of the Darkseekers
runs outside of the building, and after screaming
at Robert, he retreats to the safety of the
darkness because his skin burns as soon as
he comes in contact with the sunlight.
Robert takes the captured female Darkseeker
home to his lab.
He uses the vaccine that made the mouse less
aggressive.
First, he sees positive results, but then
after a moment of struggle, the woman flatlines.
He revives her with an adrenaline shot and
continues to adapt his serums in the hope
of finding a cure.
That night, he again dreams of the past, when
his wife and kid tried to leave New York in
the chaos of its evacuation.
He relives the panic and terror on the streets
as the city citizens try to escape before
the infected take control.
He seats his family in a plane, and by his
daughter’s wish, he takes Sam.
As they are about to take off, Robert wakes
up again.
Before heading out, Robert sets his clock
to 30 minutes before sunset.
He listens to old news about those cured by
Dr. Krippens vaccine exhibiting symptoms resembling
the early onset of rabies.
After visiting the seaport at midday, he fishes
and talks to Sam about a party he might throw
for him since it’s his birthday.
He wants to know now.
Robert hates surprises.
While driving around, he finds his mannequin
has been moved.
He calls the mannequin Fred and is yelling
at him, what is he doing here.
Robert has a mental breakdown and shoots Fred.
During the night, the infected have set the
same trap he organized for them the previous
day.
Robert is caught by the trap.
He hits his head and passes out.
When he wakes up, his watch is beeping, and
it’s dark.
Sam is faithfully waiting for him.
Finally, he cuts himself free just as dusk
falls, but he falls on his knife and impales
his leg.
The infected leader then appears with infected
dogs.
They attack him right as the last slimmer
of light disappears.
Sam defends him, fighting off one of the dogs.
Robert manages to crawl back to his car to
retrieve a pistol, shooting the infected dogs
dead.
He looks over to see Sam collapse from a bite
wound and picks her up, and lays her in the
car.
When he gets home, he puts Sam on a table
and injects her with an experimental vaccine.
The vaccine fails in helping Sam as Robert
realizes her hair begins to fall out, and
she attempts to bite him, so he is forced
to kill her by strangling her as she struggles
in his arms.
Tears stream down his cheeks as he says goodbye
to his only friend.
He then goes and buries her in the streets.
As promised to Sam, he visits the woman mannequin
at the video rental store and tells her Hello.
He begs the mannequin to answer him.
The darkness is suffocating Robert.
In a grief-stricken rage, he decides to fight
all the infected face-to-face.
He sets up a dummy at the pier and the infected
run at him.
He drives his SUV at high speed into the hoards
of infected who roam the streets at night.
He nearly runs off the end of the pier and
crashes.
The infected overturned his SUV.
Just as he is about to die to the leader of
Darkseekers, a bright light shines on him,
scaring them off.
The Woman tries to get information about Robert’s
house whereabouts, he tells her the address
and to only go there after dawn, so they can’t
track where he lives.
Robert blacks out.
While blacked out, he has dreams about the
past once more.
This time he dreams of the helicopter his
wife and child used to escape New York.
As it takes off, a nearby helicopter is attacked
by an infected and crashes into the helicopter
carrying his family.
He wakes up in his house to Shrek playing
on the TV and stitches on his knife wound.
He grabs a gun and goes to the kitchen, hallucinating
for a moment that it’s his family.
Robert hasn’t had human contact in so long
that he is confused.
The people who rescued him are Anna and her
son Ethan, who have heard Robert's radio message
and went to find him the previous day.
Anna makes them breakfast, powdered eggs,
and bacon.
Anna explains a plan to leave New York and
go to a colony of immune survivors in Vermont.
Robert, however, insists that everybody is
dead and doesn't believe that such a place
exists, which scares Anna and Ethan.
Robert then explains he was saving that bacon.
That’s why he acted out.
After calming down, he apologizes to Anna
but still refuses to leave.
He then shows Anna his laboratory and injects
another serum into the infected woman.
While closing down the house, Anna again pleads
to Robert to come with them.
He asks her how she knows that there is a
safe zone in Vermont.
Anna says that God told her.
He has a plan.
Robert becomes irritated.
He tells her facts about the infection, like
90 percent of the people died from the Kv
virus, less than 1 percent are immune, and
the other 588 million people turned into Darkseekers.
Is that your god’s plan?
He asks.
A moment later, Robert realizes that the infected
are attacking the house.
The previous night they had followed Anna
back when she rescued Robert.
He activates his setup defenses, lights and
blows up cars.
The infected are so great in number they breach
the shutters and few make their way into the
house.
One of the infected is breaking the roof for
a better passage for other Darkseekers.
After Robert shoots them, he, Anna, and Ethan
retreat to the basement lab.
They realize that the infected female he had
captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine
on has returned to her human form.
Robert shuts his bulletproof glass door before
the infected get in.
As the leader comes, he starts to ram into
the glass, making the cracks in a butterfly
shape.
Robert thinks that maybe it is God’s plan
after all, remembering his daughter.
He takes a sample of cured woman’s blood
in a syringe and gives it to Anna, telling
her to hide in the incinerator with Ethan
until dawn.
Robert grabs a grenade from his drawer, and
as the leader of the infected smashes the
glass, who has made a personal quest out of
hunting Robert down for taking his infected
wife, they collide, killing all the infected
in the room.
Anna and Ethan reach a strange place in the
middle of the countryside: the road is cut
by a castle-like wall and a steel door.
There, some human survivors live in that enclosed
community.
Anna gives the syringe with the antidote to
the human leader of that small community,
and her voice-over tells us of the legend
that Robert Neville has become.
The End.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.